Add visible_by_default option for all MQTT entity platforms (#44954)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alarm_control_panel.mqtt.markdown

  description: "Defines a [template](/docs/configuration/templating/#using-value-templates-with-mqtt) to extract the value."
  required: false
  type: template
visible_by_default:

>   description: Flag which defines if the entity should be visible when first added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Controls whether this entity is enabled by default. When set to true, the entity is enabled and usable immediately. Disabled entities don't appear in Home Assistant until you manually enable them from the device page.
```
Added a bit more context. Feel free to rephrase.

Author: This is not about enabled by default, but visible by default. These entities are not visible in dashboards by default, but are still loaded and available for automation. We have an other setting to allow entities to be disabled by default.

Author: Tried to improve the description with your comment.

Reviewer: ah! thanks for explaining!

>   description: Control whether this entity is visible by default. When set to false the entity is hidden and does not appear on dashboards until you manually make it visible it's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Control whether this entity is visible by default. When set to false, the entity is hidden and does not appear on dashboards until you manually make it visible in its settings.
```
